README.md, before:

# Asufecse354projectDistributedtexteditor

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Base Project Prototype and Infrastructure - Basic fully-integrated MEAN stack:   - Basic front-end blueprint with minimum required interface (Angular)     - Dashboard for documents (user-owned and shared)     - Basic text-editor for open document     - Basic page routing   - Basic back-end server infrastructure (Express.js and Node.js)   - Database dependencies added (mongoDB + mongoose)

README.md, after:

# Distributed Text Editor

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.2.

## Commands

- If you've just forked/cloned this repository, you must run `npm install` to install all of the required dependencies for it to run.

- Run `ng serve` for a client-side dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

- Run `npm run start:server` for the coressponding server-side dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:3000/` to preview it if you wish, though the requests are done through the API routes -- i.e., nothing to preview in the root path. The application will automatically reload if you've installed nodemon successfully.

- Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
